Add readme (#14)
statechannels/nitro-smart-contract-wallet: README.md

<h1 align="center">
<div><img src="./SCBridge-Wallet.png"><br>
SCBridge-Wallet
</h1>
<h3 align="center">

> An L2 state channel bridge contract which is also an L1 smart contract wallet.

Reviewer: Maybe:

```suggestion
An L2 state channel bridge contract which is also an EIP-4337 compliant smart contract wallet.
```

![Sequence Diagram](./SCBridge-Wallet-sequence.png)

<!-- diagram source, edit at sequencediagram.org
fontawesome f182 Alice
fontawesome f233 Irene
fontawesome f183 Bob

fontawesome f0e3 Adjudicator #red
fontawesome f1c9 SCW-Alice #green
fontawesome f1c9 SCW-Bob #green
fontawesome f1c9 Uniswap

group #lightgreen Typical State Channel Bridge

Alice->Irene: ledger 10/0
Alice<-Irene: ack
Alice-#red>Adjudicator: deposit 10
Bob->Irene: ledger 0/10
Bob<-Irene: ack
Irene-#red>Adjudicator: deposit 10
group L1 transaction flow
Alice->Irene: close ledger
Alice<-Irene: ack
Alice-#red>Adjudicator: withdraw
Alice-#red>Uniswap: uniswap trade
end
end

group #ff00ff State Channel Bridge Wallet
Alice-#red>SCW-Alice: transfer 10 (direct from exchange, perhaps)
Bob->Irene: ledger Irene:10
Bob<-Irene: ack
Irene-#red>SCW-Bob: transfer 10
group L1 transaction flow
Alice->Irene: proposed uniswap trade
Irene-#red>SCW-Alice: countersigned uniswap trade

SCW-Alice->Uniswap: uniswap trade
end

> end
> 
> group Multihop L2 payment from Alice to Bob via Irene
> Alice->Bob: request an invoice
> Bob->Alice: hash
> Alice->Irene: add HTLC(hash,timeout,amount, sig, turnNum)
> Irene->Bob: add HTLC
> Bob->Irene:  preimage + updated signed state
> Irene->Alice: preimage + updated signed state
> Irene->Bob: countersigned updated state
> Alice->Irene: countersigned updated state
> end

Reviewer: Maybe the l2 tx diagram should live inside the SCBridgeWallet box.

```suggestion

group Multihop L2 payment from Alice to Bob via Irene
Alice->Bob: request an invoice
Bob->Alice: hash
Alice->Irene: add HTLC(hash,timeout,amount, sig, turnNum)
Irene->Bob: add HTLC
Bob->Irene:  preimage + updated signed state
Irene->Alice: preimage + updated signed state
Irene->Bob: countersigned updated state
Alice->Irene: countersigned updated state
end

end
```

Author: I had it that way originally, but then I thought it applies equally well to both approaches I think? As in, it's the L1 behaviour that's substantially different between the two models?
